C is for consistency.
If you use a certain theme in your slides,
make sure to stay true to that consistent theme.
Kinda like how your belt is suppose
to match your shoes.
And we'll talk about dressing
and what to wear at presentations
later on in Act number 9.
But please try to be consistent
if it makes sense to do so,
you know with your fonts, with the colors you use,
with story telling themes, etc.
And it can be a lot of fun too.
So, when I gave my TEDx talk,
I used a them of TEA, T-E-A, TEA.
TEA solving all problems in the world,
Technology, Education and Acceptance.
And I included many quotes about tea,
which was a lot of fun.
And it was unique, it was different as well,
I had a good time with it.
So, stay true to your theme if you want to.
And some presenters stay true
to a particular theme in virtually
every presentation they do.
Like Steve Jobs did per these slides here.
I personally love having different themes
for all of my presentations,
as I love to kinda think of each one
as a different experience.
And, great musicians and film directors
really mix up their presentations
or their masterpieces,
and they have different themes
for different things that they create.
You know, retro themes can work well as well.
Or a period piece where a theme stays
in the same historical time period
in order to remain consistent.
Here's some examples that have
a thematic historical consistency to them.
Audiences love consistency
and themes that they appreciate.
And they really appreciate the hard work
that you put into it to stay consistent with the theme.
They see it as art and everybody loves art.
And this will really help for you to stand out as well.
Now, when it comes to the tense that you use on your slides,
please be consistent as well.
Kinda like on your resume.
For all of your historical work experience,
you write them in the past tense,
like managed a group of people
or created an Oscar worthy presentation, which you will.
Also, try to stick with one or two fonts as well,
if you want, as it can kinda be distracting
if you use too many different types of fonts
when you're quoting people from different periods
that sort of thing, etc.
It's up to you, it's up to you.
Play around with it and just have fun.